We try using openroad as our backend tool for PnR.
[Openroad](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts) itself presents as a kind of 'framework',
that incorporates some of the opensource EDA tools,
including yosys for synthesis, openroad itself for FP,P,CTS,R,
and klayout for final completion.

Since i'm more familiar with design compiler, we can do the synthesis process using DC instead of yosys,
and do the rest using openroad framework.

So, the remaining process are listed as follows:

- floorplan
- place
- clock tree synthesis, CTS
- route
- final

# Installation process
I just download the prebuilt deb and install it on my ubuntu.
It only contains the openroad tool itself.

# Input files for physical design flow
- netlist in verilog format, generated by design compiler.
- design constraints
- lef techfile and macro/cell lef files
- liberty files, mainly for timing analysis

# Floorplan process
1. initialize_floorplan with specified aspect-ratio, utilization, margin, site(the atom space for stdcells). make_tracks the routing tracks.
2. rtl_macro_placer for macro placement, it seemed place_pins should be used before.
3. tapcell for tapcell and endcap insertion.
4. pdn generation. global_connect for pg net connection. set_voltage_domain, then define_pdn_grid for stdcell/macro. pdngen to generate the real pdn structure.

# Placement process
1. global_placement -skip_io to do global placement without io?
2. place_pins again, the old pin placements will be replaced.
3. set_wire_rc before global_placement, with -routability_driven -timing_driven.
4. use cmds such as repair_design to resize the stdcells.
5. detailed_placement cmd, followed by improve_placement etc...
